Updates documentation to include details about using NetworkX with backends. (#7611)
networkx/networkx: doc/tutorial.md

### Automatic dispatch

Automatic dispatch is possibly the easiest and least intrusive means by which a
user can use backends with NetworkX code. This technique is useful for users
that want to write portable code that runs on systems without specific
backends, or simply want to use backends with existing code that cannnot be
modified.

The example below configures NetworkX to automatically dispatch to a backend
named `fast_backend` for all NetworkX functions that `fast_backend` supports.

- If `fast_backend` does not support a NetworkX function used by the
  application, the default NetworkX implementation will be used.

- If `fast_backend` is not installed on the system running this code, an
  exception will be raised.

```{code-block}
bash$> NETWORKX_BACKEND_PRIORITY=fast_backend python my_script.py
```

```{code-block}
# file: my_script.py
import networkx as nx
G = nx.Graph()
# populate the graph...
pr = nx.pagerank(G)  # runs using backend from NETWORKX_BACKEND_PRIORITY, if set
```

The equivalent configuration can be applied to NetworkX directly to the code
through the NetworkX `config` global parameters. This will override the

> corresponding environment variable, but results in slightly less code
> portability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
corresponding environment variable, so backends can be changed during a script. But it results in slightly less portable code in that one line of code must be changed to switch the backend, instead of an environment variable change.
```

Author: Thanks, @dschult.  I made all the suggested changes, but I also had some updates queued which I didn't get pushed before you made these suggestions, so they don't look exactly the same.  Plus, I did some minor word smithing, so let me know what you think.

specification of multiple backends, ordered based on the priority which
NetworkX should attempt to dispatch to. The following examples both configure
NetworkX to dispatch functions first to `fast_backend` if it supports the
function, then `other_backend` if `fast_backend` does not, then finally the
default NetworkX implementation if `other_backend` does not.

```{code-block}
bash$> NETWORKX_BACKEND_PRIORITY="fast_backend,other_backend" python my_script.py
```

```{code-cell}
:tags: [skip-execution]
nx.config.backend_priority = ["fast_backend", "other_backend"]
```

```{tip}
NetworkX includes debug logging calls using Python's standard logging mechanism
that can be enabled to help users understand when and how backends are being
used.  <example of how to enable>
```

### Explicit dispatch

Backends can also be used explicitly on a per-function call basis by specifying
a backend using the `backend=` keyword argument. This technique not only
requires that the backend is installed, but _also_ requires that the backend
implement the function, since NetworkX will not fall back to the default NetworkX
implementation if a backend is specified with `backend=`.

> This is possibly the least portable option, but has the advantage that NetworkX
> will raise an exception if `fast_backend` cannot be used, which is useful for
> users that require a specific implementation.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is possibly the least portable option, but has a more "interactive" feel, and has
the advantage that NetworkX will raise an exception if `fast_backend` cannot be used,
which is useful for users that require a specific implementation.
```
